['black', 'brown', 'buff', 'chocolate', 'cinnamon', 'gray', 'green', 'orange', 'pink', 'purple', 'red', 'white', 'yellow']
This mushroom has buff gills, has free gills, smells foul, and has a silky stalk surface above the ring.
This mushroom has a tapering stalk shape, has a bulbous stalk root, has solitary population clusters, and has close gill spacing.
This mushroom has a bulbous stalk root, has a silky stalk surface above the ring, does not bruise easily, and has close gill spacing.
This mushroom has a partial veil, has free gills, has brown spore prints, and has one rings.
This mushroom has a white stalk color above the ring, has a pink stalk color below the ring, has close gill spacing, and has a brown cap color.
This mushroom has pink gills, has a smooth cap surface, has narrow gills, and bruises easily.
This mushroom has a red stalk color below the ring, has close gill spacing, has a white veil, and bruises easily.
This mushroom has a flat cap shape, has a white stalk color below the ring, has white gills, and has a smooth stalk surface above the ring.
This mushroom bruises easily, has a bulbous stalk root, has free gills, and has a partial veil.
This mushroom does not bruise easily, smells foul, has one rings, and has a silky stalk surface above the ring.
This mushroom has black gills, has a white stalk color below the ring, has black spore prints, and has a white stalk color above the ring.
This mushroom has a smooth cap surface, has a tapering stalk shape, has evanescent rings, and has free gills.
This mushroom has close gill spacing, has narrow gills, has evanescent rings, and smells spicy.
This mushroom has free gills, has black gills, has black spore prints, and smells none.
This mushroom has solitary population clusters, has a white veil, has a enlarging stalk shape, and has broad gills.
This mushroom has close gill spacing, has orange gills, does not bruise easily, and has a orange stalk color below the ring.
This mushroom has several population clusters, has white gills, has crowded gill spacing, and has free gills.
This mushroom has a white stalk color below the ring, has a scaly cap surface, has a partial veil, and has a enlarging stalk shape.
This mushroom has a white stalk color below the ring, has a convex cap shape, has several population clusters, and has a smooth stalk surface below the ring.
This mushroom has a smooth stalk surface below the ring, has orange spore prints, has a bell cap shape, and has a partial veil.
This mushroom has a white stalk color above the ring, has a white veil, has a silky stalk surface below the ring, and has a flat cap shape.
This mushroom has a brown cap color, has a scaly cap surface, has pendant rings, and has brown spore prints.
This mushroom has a white stalk color below the ring, smells spicy, has a tapering stalk shape, and has white spore prints.
This mushroom has broad gills, has one rings, has large rings, and has a silky stalk surface above the ring.
This mushroom has a brown stalk color above the ring, has one rings, has large rings, and does not bruise easily.
This mushroom smells fishy, has a pink stalk color below the ring, has a tapering stalk shape, and has narrow gills.
This mushroom has one rings, smells none, has a smooth stalk surface above the ring, and has a brown cap color.
This mushroom does not bruise easily, has a unknown stalk root, has brown gills, and smells none.
